---
title: "mentors"
bg: limegreen
fa-icon: cogs 
color: black  
---

# Mentors


If you fancy helping students squash bugs and build great stuff during the hack week, we'd love to have you! Students will have varying levels of technical knowledge and programming experience, so it's really important that there's plenty of opportunity for them to learn. We're looking for people with appropriate skills to mentor students or deliver short workshops over the course of the week. Useful topics include:

 *  Frontend web app and native app stuff (HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, mobile-first development; Android, iOS)
 *  Web and app user interface design; data visualisation
 *  Server-side stuff (PHP, Python, Ruby, and relevant frameworks)
 *  Processing text (e.g., newswire and social media, sentiment analysis)
 *  Data wrangling and analysis
 *  Planning for sustainability, understanding user value, marketing
 *  Design, rapid prototyping, user experience
 *  Idea generation, presentation skills
<!-- *  Linked Data or Semantic Web technologies-->


Mentors are welcome to spend as much or as little time as they like present during the week. The hacking will take place on the 3rd, 4th and 5th floors of Appleton Tower.

Snacks and meals included! (If you're around at lunchtime).

**If you're interested in mentoring, do [register your interest here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1XU0k7MNkRRRJBgaJ1Zugxv-B3lpYB3_Iepkxmdzdy78/viewform)!**

## Information for Students

Students, if you get stuck during the week, you can ask mentors for help. They're listed here, so you can figure out who to ask about what, and whether to email them or look for them in AT.

* **Amy Guy** - University of Edinburgh
  * Python, PHP, HTML, CSS, JS, responsive design, progressive enhancement, mobile web, semantic web, linked data, RDF, SPARQL
  * In AT all week, or email Amy.Guy@ed.ac.uk
* **Nicola Symmers** - Information Services
  * HTML, XML, JavaScript, CSS, PHP, C#, design, ideas
  * In AT all week
