---
title: "sponsors"
bg: darkblue     
color: white  
---

# For Sponsors

## What is it?

The University of Edinburgh's [Innovative Learning Week](http://www.ed.ac.uk/staff-students/students/studies/innovative-learning) gives students a chance to take a break from the usual timetable and do something different to enrich their academic experience. In the [School of Informatics](http://www.ed.ac.uk/schools-departments/informatics/), we're introducing students to challenges faced by local organisations and community groups so that we can explore ways in which open data can be used to solve some of these problems. Students will be generating ideas and hacking with a range of technologies over the course of a week to generate prototype web and mobile applications which benefit the groups involved, or the public at large.

## Work With Us

There are loads of ways of both supporting and benefiting from this event. Sponsors and partners are encouraged to give a short introduction to themselves (or their data or the challenges they're providing, as appropriate) during the opening of the event on the morning of Monday the 17th. 


## Share Your Problems

Whatever the size or scope of your organisation, if you're based locally to Edinburgh and face challenges that might be solveable with technology, you can talk to us about getting involved. Maybe there's some software or an app you wish you had, data about the local area that would make a huge difference if you could access it, or a just vague feeling that a technical solution could benefit your organisation - we can work together to propose challenges for the students to work on.


## Share Your Data

Maybe you've been collecting data about something (in any format), and want to see it used in new or interesting ways? Or you have an idea for an app that could use it or a visualisation of some kind. We'd love to offer it up to the students to experiment with, and we can help you convert it into alternative formats if need be.
